Spring framework

1. Spring core
2. Spring data integration
3. spring web
4. springboot


Prerequisite of course:

1. core java --> OOPS, Class , Object, Overloading, Overriding
2. JDBC 
3. Servlet & JSP






Q1. What is Spring?
Answers1. 

 a.Spring is a Dependency Injection framework to make a java application loosely coupled.
b. Spring framework makes the easy developement of JavaEE application.
c. I was developed by Rod Johnson in 2003.


Dependency Injection --> It is a design pattern.

Inversion of Control -->  Inversion of Control (IoC) is an object-oriented programing practice whereby the object coupling is bounded at runtime by an "assembler" object and are typically not knowable at compile time using static analysis.


Spring Modules-->

Spring Core
	Core - Beans - Context- SpeL

	AOP - Aspect - Instrumentation - Messaging
	AOP --> Aspect Oriented Programming --> used to decouple the code

Data Access / Integration

	JDBC ---> enable us to use jdbc easily  
	ORM --> to use ORM tool like hibernate with spring
	JMS(Java Mesaging services) --> for messaging services 
	OXM --> provides abstraction layer that supports object xml mapping

Web Module 

	Spring Web
	Spring Servlet
	Sprint Portlet
	Spring WebSocket

Test Module --> provides supports for unit testing and integration testing.


Spring IOC Container --> predefined program provided by spring for:

	1. creates object
	2. hold objects in memory
	3. inject one object into another object i.e. dependency injetion
	4. maintain lifecycle of an object from creation to destruction of the object.
	5. We have to provide Bean info and configuration info. Spring container performs the injection based on the configuration 			provided. 
		

ApplicationContext Interface is implemented by AnnotationConfigApplicationContext , ClasspathXMLApplicationcontext, FileSystemXMLApplicationcontext.



Dependency Injection can be done in 2 ways:

	1. Using Setter Injection
	2. Using Constructor Injection

Configuration File --> Where we declare beans and its dependency.

Note :: Bean is a simple java class which contains the attributes and getters and setters